Don't move.
I spilled your blood on the spot
What are you doing?
Don't kill me don't worry
Won't kill you
I just catch you to play hahaha
Uh-huh.
Ah!
Let's go
Go in go in
What are you trying to do?
I don't know what to do to help you.
What are you afraid of us for, a leaf grass girl?
I don't know you two big brothers
If anything offends you
Please tell me.
I'll see if I can explain it.
OK.
If that's the case, then I'll let you die clearly
Do you know the title?
Sun Shang, I know, I know
Your neighbor
Hurt the breakup and used his connections to remove the branch president
The Sun family has decided to return it to your neighbor's house in full
It's rare to see and send it to the hospital.
Where can the woman come from? Be in a hurry. Be in a hurry.
Do you understand?